{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14760\viewh11720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Noise
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 In silence the sounds of the world, interior and exterior come rushing in. Hiding behind headphones, drowning out the shouting and crying, is much easier than trying to tuck yourself into the lonely bosom of quiet. It's when you are by yourself, without noise, that the unconscious thoughts come floating up to the surface. Buoying on their newfound freedom, liberated from the weighted babel.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Noise is like a blanket you wrap yourself in. Sometimes its' an itchy, scratchy, woolen blanket, a la coarse grainy music, or siblings and parents fighting in the next room. Other times its' a soft satin blanket, like the moans of a partner, or rain drops hitting dry earth. And in these blankets I can feel safe, knowing that I have a closet full of them. I can grab the soft satiny blanket off the shelf, and feel the warmth and slipperiness of it. However, from time to time the wool blanket we have stuffed in the back will fall from its hiding spot, getting more and more dirty and sullen being kicked around on the floor, until we shoehorn it back into the closet. We go to therapy, like a dry cleaner, to get the wool blankets cleaned and sorted out, but their original shape is never quite the same, and thorns still hide in their folds. 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Some of us are blessed with closets full of soft, clean smelling blankets, while others closets seems to be full of old army surplus wares, musky scents of memories which wish to be forgotten, and cigarette holes burned in, threadbare in the middle. My closet resembles more the latter, with wafts of salty tears, ashtrays, Old Spice, Stetson, and church candles. I was ensconced in noise, never letting the silence settle for too long, for fear that it would soon be filled with sadness. 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Today I appreciate silence, yet there will always be a part of me that reaches for the nearest volume knob to fill the void with controlled sound. \'a0}